Update README.md (#20238)
DataDog/integrations-core: ecs_fargate/README.md

Monitor Fargate logs by using the `awslogs` log driver and a Lambda function to route logs to Datadog.

> <div class="alert alert-warning"> Fargate logs sent via the log driver may have correlation limitations. Use the Firlens integration for comprehensive metrics, logs, and traces correlation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Fargate logs sent through the log driver may have correlation limitations. Use the FireLens integration for comprehensive metrics, logs, and traces correlation. 
```
